From
[Music]
is related to
[Praise]
that hello your friend Gunjan Verma
Pinpoint today very awesome video
people are included friends today we will talk
about all the health insurance plans of ICC Logart
subscribe
subscribe that you can get in very less time
[Music]
subscribe
here Street 60 channel
[Music]
you can get your policy premium league finals in both the heads
for that China has requested
first thing your mobile number should be from there
second thing you need to have an Aadhaar number and you should not have any, you should
not sleep after making payment and on the other hand
subscribe subscribe to the channel
and
subscribe
here
subscribe will not consider if you
use 15000 then
war and
fog interest of 5000 see this if you are
appointed do
not forget to subscribe and
subscribe and
subscribe if you subscribe
Prithu and depression will be applied in your account if the
appointed commission notices then please
subscribe also subscribe to the company's pass
[Music]
this is optional and
for subscription
subscribe and subscribe